[IOTDB-2838] Check and auto correct endian type for NumpyTablet (#5448)
apache/iotdb: client-py/README.md

With less memory footprint and time cost of serialization, the insert performance will be better.

**Notice**
1. time and value columns in Tablet are ndarray.

> 2. it's better to use the specific dtypes to each ndarray, see the example below 

Author: ```suggestion
2. recommended to use the specific dtypes to each ndarray, see the example below 
```
